story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2016 slasher film called hush
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
inside a house located in the middle of
the woods maddie is preparing a full
course lamb dinner with guidance from
her laptop she is instantly revealed to
be deaf
as she tastes her cooking a notification
pops up on her laptop
it's sarah from next door asking if she
can stop by
maddie spots her friend walking towards
the house sarah tells maddie
through sign language that she had just
finished reading her book
she then asks how does maddie come up
with her writing
maddie tells her that it's called writer
brain as her mother would say
it makes her go crazy any possible
outcome is like a movie in her brain
with many endings
their conversation is interrupted by a
loud and blaring noise
they run back into the house to find
smoke coming out from the oven and the
fire alarm giving off a very intense
warning
maddie apologizes for her hell of a fire
alarm and tells sarah that she needs it
because she has to feel the vibrations
in order to wake up
she gives sarah her own copy of the book
before sarah bids her goodbye
later that night maddie is sitting alone
in her living room trying to finish up
her manuscript
feeling frustrated she tries to distract
herself by cleaning the mess in the
kitchen
suddenly her friend sarah runs up to
maddie's kitchen door
screaming and crying desperate for help
she is trying to open the door but it's
locked
maddie is cleaning the kitchen but she
is unable to see her friend
sarah's piercing screams stop as an
arrow lunge and pierces her back
a male intruder in a ski hat and white
mask catches up to sarah and stabs her
against maddie's kitchen door
he continues to stab her until her
lifeless body slumps down to the floor
the intruder tries to catch maddie's
attention by knocking on her door
but maddie doesn't respond he
immediately deduces that she is most
probably deaf
as she continues working the intruder
sneaks into the house
with one hand bearing an arrow he is
about to stab her when he is interrupted
by maddie's sister
alex video calling her he grabs maddie's
phone and hides
alex asks her how maddie's book is going
but maddie says she's stuck and needs a
distraction
she persuades her to come back to the
city and live with her but maddie
doesn't want to
their conversation is interrupted when
alex asks if there's someone behind her
because she saw something move
maddie reassures her that it's probably
the cat maddie picks up her cat's bowl
and begins rattling it
she goes around the house shaking the
bowl but her cat is nowhere in sight
she pays no mind to this and leaves the
bowl by the open door and goes back to
her writing
a notification pops up on her laptop and
reveals a message sent by maddie's own
phone
confused she opens the message to see a
picture set of herself while she was
having the call with her sister
petrified maddie walks to the open door
to see the masked intruder holding her
phone
she quickly closes and locks the door
before he can get in
the intruder armed with a crossbow goes
to every door of the house trying to get
in
but maddie locks all of them the power
goes out and from the window she could
see him slashing her tires
there's no chance of escape now maddie
grabs a lipstick from her bag and
desperately writes on the glass door
she says that she won't tell anyone she
hasn't seen his face and her boyfriend
is coming home soon
she's hoping that the man would accept
her bluff the intruder takes off his
mask to reveal his face and neck tattoo
he asks maddie if she can read his lips
to which she nods
now that she has seen his face he has to
kill her
maddie runs back to her kitchen to grab
a knife she goes to her bedroom and
secures the door and windows
as she huddles up in one corner
trembling and crying
something starts banging on one of her
windows terrified
she looks up to see the intruder
carrying sarah's dead body and banging
her lifeless arm against the windowpane
maddie drops her knife in shock and
backs away crying at the sight of her
dead friend
manny realizes that sarah must still
have her own phone with her
she tries to distract the intruder by
activating her car alarm
once he's occupied a gasping maddie
makes a run for it
opens the window and reaches for the
phone inside her friend's back pocket
the intruder immediately catches her in
the act he tries to snatch her but she
closes the window on his fingers
he screams in pain and tries to pry open
the windows but she smacks his arms out
with a hammer
causing him to withdraw and locks the
window again
wasting no time maddie hides from the
intruder as he circles back around the
house
she quietly sneaks out of the kitchen
door and hides under the crawl space of
the patio
just as she's about to make a run for it
the intruder launches the crossbow which
stops her in her tracks
refusing to be a deer in headlights she
runs back to the house and makes it
safely inside
barely escaping with her life desperate
for a way out
maddie goes upstairs to her loft she
cracks open a window
squeezes herself out and lands on the
roof
with shaking hands maddie then tosses a
flashlight into the woods behind her
house
this catches the intruder's attention
and he follows the light
she starts walking across the roof to
the front of the house her leg shaking
with fear
as she's climbing down from the roof the
intruder surprises her with an arrow at
her leg
he takes another shot and narrowly
misses her head maddie pulls herself up
as she grits her teeth from the pain
the intruder begins to climb up to the
roof but matty knocks him over in time
to grab his crossbow and toss him back
to the ground
with a painful limp she carries back the
crossbow into the house just in time to
close the upstairs window
just as she's trying to load the
crossbow sarah's boyfriend
john arrives at the front door looking
for his girlfriend
the intruder stops him in his tracks
pretending to be a police officer
he asks john for identification and
tells him that he responded to a 9-1-1
call made by a resident
he then tells john that an intruder
knocked him over and took his gun and
radio and now he needs to borrow john's
phone to call for backup
john grows suspicious and asks him how
can maddie have made the call when she's
deaf and mute
jon tells the intruder that there's
probably a spare key hidden under one of
the plants by the patio
as the intruder goes to look for the key
jon sneaks up behind him with a rock in
hand
ready to strike maddie notices jon from
the kitchen door and begins banging on
the glass
this distracts jon and leaves an opening
for the intruder to stab him on the neck
gasping for air as the blood squirts out
of his neck john doesn't give up without
a fight
they stumble into the ground and john
traps the intruder in a chokehold
as maddie watches to see the struggle
she runs over the different outcomes of
escape in her current situation
she can't outrun him with an injured leg
if she uses the crossbow
it has to be a perfect shot if she tries
to get the power back on
he's going to catch her before she makes
it back
if she hides he only needs a rock to
crash open one of the windows
in case the intruder doesn't find her
she's going to bleed to death anyway
she can't go back to the crawl space
again
her heart cries out in pain and she
knows she's not going to last long and
she's running out of time
the intruder breaks free from john's
choke hold and pushes him aside
john bleeds out and dies unable to help
maddie
maddie takes this opportunity and shoots
an arrow into his shoulder
the intruder cries out in pain his rage
fueling his desire to kill her
he runs after maddie back into the house
and traps her hand in the middle of
closing the kitchen door
unable to scream out in pain maddy can
only cry as he stomps on her hand
breaking the bones in her fingers with
her remaining energy
she retrieves her hand back into the
house
as the intruder tries to break open the
glass door maddie writes the description
of the intruder in her laptop with her
remaining hand and locks herself in the
bathroom
as she's waiting for him to barge in the
intruder sneaks through the broken
window and creeps up behind her
just as he's about to strike her maddie
feels his breath on her neck and turns
around to stab him on the knee
he screams in pain and lunges at her
with his broken knee
maddie desperately hops back to the
kitchen with her broken hand and
bleeding leg and collapses beside one of
the cabinets
as the intruder walks towards her she
aims a bug spray into his face and
reactivates her fire alarm
buying her a bit of time
the intruder finally catches up to her
and they are caught in a struggle
he punches her face and chokes her but
maddie fights back
pushing his finger into his injury he
slams her to the floor and chokes her
again and she sees her life flashing
before her eyes
as her heartbeat slows down she reaches
for the wine opener with the last inch
of her life
and with a mighty swing she stabs him
one last time on the neck
he releases his grasps from her neck as
he chokes on his own blood and collapses
on the floor next to her
maddie gasps for air and quickly reaches
for the phone in his pocket and dials
9-1-1
this is her chance to escape she gives
one last look at the dead intruder and
slowly makes her way to the patio where
she sits down next to her cat
as maddie pets the furry little creature
flashing lights from the police are seen
in a distance
she closes her eyes and size she
survived and she won
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching
[Music]